# CS360

The requirements for this application were to allow the user to sign in and tack their weights and receive a SMS notification when they reach their goal. The weights needed to be displayed in a grid/list view for the user to see with the weights and the dates. The user needed to have the ability to add, edit, and delete specific weight entries. The screens that were necessary were a log in screen, a home screen that displayed the entries, and a details page. The Log in page was the first page that the app was navigated to allow the user to log in, if they hadn’t logged in before there was a register screen that would add them to the database. The home screen had the add button and showed the list of all the weights with a progress bar at the top. The details screen allowed the user to add, and if they were editing a weight the delete button appeared so that they could have the option to delete that entry or they could edit it.
The main strategy that I used for this application was SQLite database for the log in information and for the weight entries. I used TextWacher to make sure all the fields were added before the button would be able to be clicked, this ensures the user fills out each field before continuing to the next page. I tested my application through the android emulator, this was a good way to make sure that everything was working how it should and see the application like the user will. I had to innovate to overcome many challenges though out this application, I decided to use two different databases to make sure everything ran smooth rather than just one. Another way that I overcame a challenge was with my original grid view I had a delete button beside each entry, but it became too easy to delete the entry by just scrolling. So, I decided to make it on the same screen as the edit screen so it couldn’t be hit accidently. The component of this mobile app I was particularly successful in was the log in/register process. Adding the user to the database with all of the specific criteria’s then checking them on log in runs really smooth.
